README.md, before:

# Alfabot

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.14.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Opening iOS Project

run `npx cap open ios` or open ios/App/App.xworkspace - Needs Xcode installed

## Running iOS Project

run via terminal using `npx cap run ios` or open Xcode, select device and start.

## Opening Android Project

run `npx cap open android` or open Android Studio and import `android/` directory as an Android Studio project

## Running Android Project

run via terminal using `npx cap run android` or open Android Studio, select device and start.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Git rebase Outsourced apiURL and apiKey to .env file
,through automatically generating environment files on start.
Also disabled further change tracking for environment.prod.ts and environment.ts
to avoid accidental commiting of apiKeys.

Change-Id: I89f140772c319f73bcdc14a008ef94334944bf81

README.md, after:

# Alfabot

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.14.

## Getting Started

- Copy content of `.env.example` to a new file named `.env`
- Replace `API_KEY` with your API key
- Optionally, specify an alternative `API_URL`
- Delete `.env.example`

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.


## Opening iOS Project

run `npx cap open ios` or open ios/App/App.xworkspace - Needs Xcode installed

## Running iOS Project

run via terminal using `npx cap run ios` or open Xcode, select device and start.

## Opening Android Project

run `npx cap open android` or open Android Studio and import `android/` directory as an Android Studio project

## Running Android Project

run via terminal using `npx cap run android` or open Android Studio, select device and start.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
